add color dalle code example (#3108)
reflex-dev/reflex: README.md

        height="100vh",
    )

# Add state and page to the app.
app = rx.App()
app.add_page(index, title="Reflex:DALL-E")
```

## Let's break this down.

<div align="center">

> <img src="docs/images/dalle_colored_code_example.png" alt="A frontend wrapper for DALL·E, shown in the process of generating an image." width="900" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="docs/images/dalle_colored_code_example.png" alt="Explaining the differences between backend and frontend parts of the DALL-E app." width="900" />
```
